Before we wrap things up with Dynamo D-B Let's take a look at what we have done in this section in this
section.
We first set up our project in pide charm ID so that we could use dynamo D with Python and both of three.
We created our Kaline factory class for accessing dynamo D-B client easily so that we couldn't we don't
have to provide both all three client declaration every time that we want to access dynamic D-B so that
we could wrap our dynamic D-B client very easily and very beautifully.
And after setting up our project into dynamo DB with PIJ are mighty.
We started our implementations with creating tables on dynamic EDV and after we finish creating our
first table on dynamo D we could describe our table on dynamo D-B by providing its name.
And after that we upgraded our table with the provision throughput elements or read and write capacity
of our dynamic db table.
At first we initially provided 5 4 Read and 5 4 right.
But after that we wanted to update our table and we updated our table with the right four five five
to 10 and four read from five to 10 again.
And finally we delete it and we learned how to delete our dynamo DV table.
And we learned how easy it is to delete a dynamic D-B just by providing the table name.